Update testing-an-iso.md - add test to confirm user can unlock if the… (#467)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/user/contributing/testing-an-iso.md

## For any release

- ISO can be written to a USB, used to boot a system and install

> - Can unlock the device if the live ISO lockscreen engaes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can unlock the device if the live ISO lock screen engages
```
Spelling. "lockscreen" is not a common compound word (yet?)
